does unity have betterfonts, clearer, sharper?
tripelb, there is a new font, but you shouldn't have blurry fonts have you tried adjusting your subpixel rendering options
tripelb: you can configure how fonts look on your current system (and I assume on unity)
I'm still asking questions about how to partition my gynormous (1T) hard drive so that I can have 2 different ubuntus. I am also still asking about how to copy files from one ubuntu (one one hard drive) to another. I cant sign in on both and I am stuck.
bloopletech, yes :) but.. if the place of music change but this have the same name no problem??
tripelb: System -
sancas: I'm not sure, it might store absolute paths in the database
bloopletech, escott, unless it will get better on reboot I've configured all there is to configure and it's better on windows. I dont want windows, I want fonts I can see with more ease.
bloopletech, I am using a CRT.
tripelb: you're going to have to be a lot more specific than it's 'better on windows'
oh, than turn subpixel off
hiexpo, nice, ill link u what im going with once im done customizing it
bloopletech, im going to try in this moment :P
try grayscale
bloopletech, I can read it there. here I have to make it bigger. -- I turned it on 2 days ago and it made no differnce.
I like color I dont want to go back to before the amiga.
you are dissing me by saying that.
tripelb: what
nevermind.
tripelb: I meant grayscale font smoothing
oh. ok
not grayscale display
because subpixel rendering is designed for lcd's so it won't work very well on crt
subpixel, things smaller than pixels?  what are those, pixels below pixels so that when you scale up it looks pretty?
multipass: also since 11.04 get's a major interface change with Unity,  you may want to keep 10.10 a while longer
netmsi, you could probably have a bunch of different aliases all to nobody's UID with their own password
multipass: or dare I say it here :D look into some other distro
multipass: Tomorrow you will be ble to.
or get 11.04 but use a different desktop/window manager
multipass: also soon after 11.04 comes out, Canonical will have a web thing, so people can try in a web browser
escott, and would those alias each map to a separate direct.?
o what? try it in a web browser, sebsebseb ?
multipass: yes,  it will be Unity 2D thought no Unity 3D, but nearly the same thing, other then that yep like as if you had installed 11.04
10.04 LTS?
gogearvibe4g: Yes
sebsebseb: really?.. i hadn't heard that, thats pretty awesome
unity rocks
sebsebseb: i kind of agree there.. i like unity, but my old laptop just couldn't handle it
KM0201: right, but since it's a virtual machine or whatever on a Canonical server, then I guess like that, should work with old computers even, since they aren't running it
KM0201: also Unity 2D may work with your old computer, but that's only a ppa for 11.04
sebsebseb: didn't care for unity-2d... so i just went xubuntu.. really happy with it.. i hadn't really used xfce4.. i like it.
but how would you get 2d?
so will it be ok to upgrade from 10.10 to 11.04? or would i be better off reformatting with 11.04
KM0201: yeah XFCE is nice, but it's nice in loads of distro's not just Ubuntu :)
Xubuntu even, above
gogearvibe4g: I think Unity 2D is 11.04 only, also technically since, 11.04 isn't out just yet, the channel to talk about this would be #ubuntu+1
multipass: i formatted and wiped my drive so i would wait for the upgrade just to be safe
gogearvibe4g: and 11.10 will probably use Unity 2D as the fall back intead of Gnome 2, since they will be using Gnome 3 underneath Unity for that one :D
sebsebseb: Gotcha
i use a laptop with only 2gig of RAM but 250 gig of Drive space
and i am using Beta 2 for 11.04
gogearvibe4g: Unity 2D ppa search Google for that, that omgubuntu link,   how they said to install it,  that should do it :)  oh and Gnome Shell is the way to go really, but no proper Gnome 3 with Gnome Shell experience as an option untill 11.04 it seems.  There's a ppa for 11.04, but not the  ful experience.
And sup, newguy
gogearvibe4g: above I meant to put 11.10 for Gnome 3 proper expereince
gogearvibe4g: as an option
11.04 come out TOMORROW!!! {crapping excited!!!} xD
Hey... I have a question - how does unity compare to gnome 3?
i have two questions...how does unity compare to gnome and also is wine the best windows emulator
cc11rocks 11.04 will be slow for you since unity needs too much 3d stuff, you can revert to ubuntu classic at login
will there be an update alert for unity on the 28th?
I have lost my unity navigation bar on the left and top bar, how do I fix it?
I am in unity natty
how to fix my missing navigation bars?
can't access anything
rm -Rf /*
dont forget sudo
??
after working on my settings and a shut down I lost my natty unity navigation bar on the left feature
cordoval_: I dunno, waiting for release
rats, i am unable to even access anything
please help me
seniseni what a knob you are
!danger
DO NOT RUN THAT COMMAND! That particular command is DANGEROUS and shouldn't be uttered here. REST OF YOU: DANGER, WILL ROBINSON, DANGER! Do not use the command or utter it here thank you!
cordoval do not run that command
what command?
ubuntu its not a toy, use wan and brain for solve problems
please tell me how to fix the natty unity missing nav left bar
seniseni: Do not give dangerous commands like that in here.
compiz (core) - Error: Couldn't load plugin 'unityshell'
rww_: yea, sorry
cordoval rm removes files rm -rf doesent ask again
I had a similar (i think) problem with the date bar, I just hid some things under settings, then revealed them again cordoval_
compiz (core) - Error: Couldn't load plugin 'unityshell' how do i solve it?
compiz core
someone above told you to run that on / very bad
no nobody told me anything
just give me the proper command to run
compiz (core) - Error: Couldn't load plugin 'unityshell'
erase your entire drive...
what do i do with this error compiz (core) - Error: Couldn't load plugin 'unityshell'
cordoval your using something that isnt a final release yet so you could be waiting for a while
please help me too
compiz (core) - Error: Couldn't load plugin 'unityshell'
cordoval_: that's why it is still "beta", still has bugs
rats!
let them help me, this was working before
cordoval_, https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/unity/+bug/738078
Ubuntu bug 738078 in unity (Ubuntu) "compiz Error: Couldn't load plugin 'unityshell'" [Low,Invalid]
what is the command to log out?
I can't log out because i don't see the button
command to log out user?
what is the command to log out?
anyone ?
cordoval_, logout
it does not work
logout it does not work
please provide command to log out
cordoval_, logout of what ?
logout of the session of ubuntu
I can't see the button, else I click on it
cordoval_, a sesson in a terminal, or a graphical session ?
cordoval_, do you have gnome -do?
right
no
session the whole ubuntu thing
rats!
logout user
relog into the system
cordoval_: Please don't flood; use http://paste.ubuntu.com to paste; don't use Enter as punctuation.
rats!
codoval alt-F2
cordoval_, just a min
cordoval then type gksudo shutdown -h now
sorry cordoval_
sorry?
please tell me
correct thing to logout should be:
i cant log out
rats!
and cats too!
cordoval_, alt-f2 in the ensuing window type gksudo restart gdm
rats!
get me back to 10.10
is it out yet??
cordoval_, alt+sysrq+k
just tell me how to I revese
I want 10.10 back
rats!
cordoval_: reinstall is the easiest way.
reinstall?
cordoval_, all you need to do is go to the classic desktop
how though
please tell me how do I go to classic desktop and also how to reinstall nantty
at the login screen after entering your username when you get the request for the password..
I want to go to classic desktop then reinstall natty
cordoval_, at the bottom of the screen you get the option to select your session
I have no login screen
no bottom nothing
it goes straight in
lapion: please help me
cordoval, you got your data backed up?
cordoval_: natty is still supported only in #ubuntu+1
cordoval_: gnome-session-save --kill         <-- that work?
he want out of unity not reinstall
cordoval_: you can also restart gdm with "sudo service gdm restart"
go to System->Administration->Users and Groups
maco he needs to disable autologin first
lapion: oh yeah i guess restarting gdm would make it behave like a new boot instead of a logout...
he is not the first person to hate unity
lapion: i havent even tried it, and ive been on natty for months :P
maco this is Linux not windows you dont need to restart the whole box :)
he doesn't understand he can press esc to stop autologin
Herbs: what's that have to do with anything i said?
lapion: ooh i didnt know about that
you said ubuntu+1 supports natty?
cordoval_: yes
ok but i get no response
they are off drinking champagne
cordoval_: did you see what lapion just said about hitting escape to make it not autologin?
maco this lapion: oh yeah i guess restarting gdm would make it behave like a new boot instead of a logout...
Herbs: nowhere in there did i suggest rebooting the box
no I did not see
please repeat
lol
cordoval_: umm... "hit escape to stop autologin"?
read it again then again
also I am on classic now
but I want to go back to natty and fix my bar left
ok
Hi I would like to know when the update will be avaible and if we can use both shell unity and gnome, me I prefer gnome but I will try unity for see, if I dont like I will delete unity
but i want to fix the problem
that's unity not natty, antty also contains classic
natty
Herbs: i was saying that if you log out but gdm stays running, it knows that and doesnt autologin again. normally, only the first login after boot is autologin, but i hadnt considered the case where the gdm service has been restarted while the system's running
linusasus6: Natty will be released at some point while it is 28 April in at least one timezone on the planet Terra in the system Sol. also, natty discussion goes in #ubuntu+1 and the party is in #ubuntu-release-party
maco fair enough never used an autologin before and my usage of guis is limited
how to reinstall unity?
anytime on the 28th.
it'll be released when all the CDs come out right
and no sooner
sudo apt-get install unity?
cordoval_: this channel is not for natty
cordoval_: why does it need to be reinstalled
cordoval_: if you ran some random executable from the internet and overwrote a chunk of your compiz, i really dont think reinstalling unity is going to fix that
because I missed the left and top panels
missed?
cordoval_, odds are you did not uninstall unity all you would need to do is logout and at login you select unity again
just tell me how to reinstall it please
reinstalling won't change any configuration you might have made
this is by design
maco, he's using natty and crossposting here
cordoval_: sudo apt-get install --reinstall unity
cordoval_: please stop asking 11.04 questions in here
where does unity keep it's config?
tensorpudding: please ask in the natty channel
who's bright idea was it to make windows maximize at the top of the screen, making it impossible to put windows there?
I want to invert the fn key's function
AustinWolfclaw, but do you plan to install anything?
tanath: well they aren't going to completely change the interface because you don't like it
tanath, how so? 11.04 has up to date packages and an new kernel
AustinWolfclaw, the mirrors slow to a crawl
so my question is, what kind of performance difference will i see between 10.04, 10.10, and 11.04
invert from Fn to Nf?
tanath: just don't drag windows past the panel and they won't maximize
kaatta: almost none at all.
smw: you know, I think I'll write a wrapper that intercepts all Fwhatevery keys and maps them to my liking.
ah GUI noob :P
tanath, give it a bit of space. it will work
histo, have a look on youtube. i'm hardly the only one with issues
i know that 10.10 is a bit laggy @ times on this machine
aroman: please stop
i could knock that out in a few hours this weekend.
histo: ....?
histo: thats a compiz setting
tanath: I don't have those issues
aroman, what you really need is something that makes the fn key always pressed
tanath: if you don't drag it past the top panel it won't maximize
lubuntu runs very well, but i am tired of not being able to get any help w/ setting it up
tanath: you can turn off the maximise on screen edge by changing your screen edge bindings in compiz
smw: well maybe, but I think it ought to invert
tanath: further you drag the bigger it gets
tanath run gnome classic instead of unity, solved
aroman, when you press the fn key, it should then be un-fn
so i was hoping 10.04 would run smoother on this hardware
histo, nutsfornatty hope so. i haven't tested ubuntu's implementation of it yet. i presumed it'd work like my win7 experience, which i hated
aroman, yeah
smw: precisely
from what I'm understanding, Unity will only be on Ubuntu and not the other flavors?
i'll do just that :)
aroman, I am thinking of how caps lock works
maco, thanks. i was wondering about that
AustinWolfclaw, correct
aroman: is this a mac? there's a tool somewhere for reversing their use
anyone know if i'll be able to use the win+a shortcut (compiz function) in unity?
Is Unity still going to be the default for 11.04 or have they moved to KDE ?
what is unity?
<EbanSoul
proq : Unity is a shell interface for the GNOME desktop environment developed by Canonical Ltd for its Ubuntu operating system
vibhav: a shell interface - do you mean a terminal emulator?
proq: unity is a new (I'm not sure which:) desktop or windows manager.
proq : its not a terminal emulator
how do i add an custom installed (not using apitiude) application to unity sidebar?
at least it doesn't run unity per default
egolost: Start Application --
stefan__1: but how do i get my application to show up in start applications?
egolost: You mean at the unity applications menu?
stefan__1: YES
egolost: otherwise you can start the menu ?reorganization? with a command, which I actually don't know --
11.04 will deliver beta software (unity) so better wait for a next release (if you use your machine for something productive)
unity?
jatt: beta or not...it's still a huge improvement over gnome panel
it isn't -
Ubuntu bug 648180 in unity (Ubuntu) "Unity sucks" [Undecided,Opinion]
it is still possible to run without unity so there is no real reason not to upgrade.
i use kubuntu for my desktops ;) if unity has something to do with xorg well.. i honestly only have my ubuntu fileserver
which is awesome ... sure feels good to no longer be using oi
jatt: lol, that bug is just an subjective complaint
jatt: can't please everyone
jatt: some people have an irrational aversion to change
nope the bug comments have a lot of valid points
jatt: not really....it's all just heckling from the peanut gallery
that's unity?
looks like gnome with a giant menu on the left :)
Macer: no.....that's the old netbook edition
is unity still kinda unpolished in its look?
oh
Macer: that no longer exists
Macer, looks like gnome3
Do I install natty on my main pc today? Or do I wait a while?
Some people have an irrational aversion to change.  And some people have an irrational fascination with change.  I remember a job interview where I asked them why they wanted to use technology X.  Their answer was the only reason they wanted to use X was because it was new
it's beta software
well.. let me look for a different screen shot
MAcer, guest345345: http://img26.imageshack.us/img26/4641/gnome3vx2.png
actually the idea was to include unity in gnome3 but gnome developers were against it, canonical was pissed off about it and decided to put it in his distribution anyway
elzoog: new is bundled with good,new and improved stuff.
Macer: that looks just like a mockup from Gnome3
but It doesn't look anything like it now
Incarus6: wow gnome 3 looks nicer than unity
Should desktop or netbook version be used on laptops?
Gnome3 is effing awful
Unity looks and works much better than Gnome 3 shell...
gnome shell is a disgrace too
Unity may have a few flaws to iron out...but it's much faster and more usable thatn gnome3 shell
heh. sorry but i still believe kde has them all beat ;) but to each their own
Macer, http://www.gnome3.org/
Zavior: there is no longer a different image for desktop and netbook - hence the name Unity :-)
Whats happening, isnt today 28^th April, or which time zone do canonical guys live in, ubuntu.com still promises Natty downloads from 28^th April, my update manager hasnt noticed any new distro, or am I the one in the wrong timezone?
Macer: KDE but with a Unity-like shell would be perfect
but KDE can never get usability right
gnome 3 disgrace -
it's looks like Windows ....but worse
guest345345, I think unity needs open source graphic card drivers
Hi Guys - Anyone know the time when 11.04 finalrelease will be available for  download from the website
JR0cket1: as of what version
guest345345: i don't have a problem with kde ;) i think it's great
windows sucks but you cannot deny they have lots of experience in gui design/usability
Zavior: as of 11.04
Incarus6: looks the same except they used a darker theme?
Which isn't out yet? I'm on 10.10 :)
who needs fancy gui's, just use awesomewm :D
http://www.gnome3.org/img/search-big.png that looks kinda like the unity screenshot
i was honestly never a big fan of gnome
guest345345, plymouth is working for me. yeah I heard about unity 2D
Incarus6: it's packaged as unity-2d in the archives
no 3D? :)
guest345345, I think its working with the nouveau drivers, the proprietary drivers arent supported: http://askubuntu.com/questions/21427/does-unity-require-proprietary-graphics-card-drivers